Added release notes for 2024.5.0 and preparing for 2024.6.0 (#179)
EVerest/EVerest: docs/general/release-notes.rst

EVerest releases are scheduled monthly. A release for a dedicated month can be
expected in the beginning of the following month. Each third release (March,
June, September and December) will be a stable release including a two week
feature freeze phase before the release date.

Here are the some high-level changes for the last releases (starting from the
most recent one backwards):

2024.6.0
========

t.b.d. when end-of-June TSC / release tagging approaches.

2024.5.0
========

Cloud: Refactored database exception handling
---------------------------------------------

Implemented an alternative way to exception handling to prevent from crashes
in some cases the system could continue working.

OCPP 1.6: ChargeX - MREC
------------------------

The Minimum Required Error Codes (MREC) have been implemented for OCPP version

> 1.6 - version 2.0.1 implementation will follow.

Reviewer: This was refactored and is not fully done yet

feature freeze phase before the release date.

Here are the some high-level changes for the last releases (starting from the
most recent one backwards):

2024.6.0 - LATEST STABLE
========================

New EXI implementation and license improvement
----------------------------------------------

The EvseV2G module is now using libcbv2g as EXI implementation instead of
OpenV2G's implementation. This means, that the EVerest project has been freed
from commercial-unfriendly licenses as the LGPLv3 is not part of EVerest
anymore with this change.

The libcbv2g has been released in the 0.2.0 version with improved cmake
integration, refactoring of unit tests and a simple CI in it.

Version information displayed
-----------------------------

EVerest manager displays version information at startup including also the
version of everest-core.

A flag can be set at startup that allows also displaying the version numbers
of other modules used in your EVerest build.

Further mentions of changes
---------------------------

Further improvements regarding Bazel builds have been done (reading of
dependencies.yaml on the fly).

> Ubuntu 20.04 not supported anymore.

Reviewer 2: This sentence no verb. ;-)

Author: The sentence repaired I have. #thanks

CableCheck as been adapted to IEC-23 (2023).

2024.5.0
========

Cloud: Refactored database exception handling
---------------------------------------------

Implemented an alternative way to exception handling to prevent from crashes

> in some cases the system could continue working.

Reviewer 2: This sentence is unclear. Do you mean:
```suggestion
in some cases, so that the system can continue working.
```
